README.rst, before:

Point Spread Function fitting and catalog utilities in python, as seen in HST1Pass
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-AstroPy-orange.svg?style=flat
    :target: http://www.astropy.org
    :alt: Powered by Astropy Badge


License
-------

This project is Copyright (c) Varun Bajaj and licensed under
the terms of the BSD 3-Clause license. This package is based upon
the `Astropy package template <https://github.com/astropy/package-template>`_
which is licensed under the BSD 3-clause license. See the licenses folder for
more information.


Contributing
------------

We love contributions! One Pass Fitting is open source,
built on open source, and we'd love to have you hang out in our community.

**Imposter syndrome disclaimer**: We want your help. No, really.

There may be a little voice inside your head that is telling you that you're not
ready to be an open source contributor; that your skills aren't nearly good
enough to contribute. What could you possibly offer a project like this one?

We assure you - the little voice in your head is wrong. If you can write code at
all, you can contribute code to open source. Contributing to open source
projects is a fantastic way to advance one's coding skills. Writing perfect code
isn't the measure of a good developer (that would disqualify all of us!); it's
trying to create something, making mistakes, and learning from those
mistakes. That's how we all improve, and we are happy to help others learn.

Being an open source contributor doesn't just mean writing code, either. You can
help out by writing documentation, tests, or even giving feedback about the
project (and yes - that includes giving feedback about the contribution
process). Some of these contributions may be the most valuable to the project as
a whole, because you're coming to the project with fresh eyes, so you can see
the errors and assumptions that seasoned contributors have glossed over.

Note: This disclaimer was originally written by
`Adrienne Lowe <https://github.com/adriennefriend>`_ for a
`PyCon talk <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uj746j9Heo>`_, and was adapted by
One Pass Fitting based on its use in the README file for the
`MetPy project <https://github.com/Unidata/MetPy>`_.

Commit message:

added notebook, and some api changes

README.rst, after:

Point Spread Function fitting and catalog utilities in python, as seen in HST1Pass

This package serves as a suite of tools to do PSF fitting and catalog merging.
Currently, we provide a single example notebook showing how to make the PSF catalogs,
align the images using those catalogs, and also merge them into a single master catalog!

This package is stll quite under development, though the documentation for the methods 
and classes can be useful!  In the meantime, take a look at the example notebook and 
tell us what you think!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-AstroPy-orange.svg?style=flat
    :target: http://www.astropy.org
    :alt: Powered by Astropy Badge


License
-------

This project is Copyright (c) Varun Bajaj and licensed under
the terms of the BSD 3-Clause license. This package is based upon
the `Astropy package template <https://github.com/astropy/package-template>`_
which is licensed under the BSD 3-clause license. See the licenses folder for
more information.


Contributing
------------

We love contributions! One Pass Fitting is open source,
built on open source, and we'd love to have you hang out in our community.

**Imposter syndrome disclaimer**: We want your help. No, really.

There may be a little voice inside your head that is telling you that you're not
ready to be an open source contributor; that your skills aren't nearly good
enough to contribute. What could you possibly offer a project like this one?

We assure you - the little voice in your head is wrong. If you can write code at
all, you can contribute code to open source. Contributing to open source
projects is a fantastic way to advance one's coding skills. Writing perfect code
isn't the measure of a good developer (that would disqualify all of us!); it's
trying to create something, making mistakes, and learning from those
mistakes. That's how we all improve, and we are happy to help others learn.

Being an open source contributor doesn't just mean writing code, either. You can
help out by writing documentation, tests, or even giving feedback about the
project (and yes - that includes giving feedback about the contribution
process). Some of these contributions may be the most valuable to the project as
a whole, because you're coming to the project with fresh eyes, so you can see
the errors and assumptions that seasoned contributors have glossed over.

Note: This disclaimer was originally written by
`Adrienne Lowe <https://github.com/adriennefriend>`_ for a
`PyCon talk <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uj746j9Heo>`_, and was adapted by
One Pass Fitting based on its use in the README file for the
`MetPy project <https://github.com/Unidata/MetPy>`_.
